# course-content
This is the repository I will be using for all in-class content throughout this semester. I will maybe also upload some other stuff. 

# About me
I’m considered the computer guy in my family. I’ve always had an interest in learning software development, and would read books about programming in my spare time as a kid. My major is in computer engineering, as I am particularly interested in the low-level workings of computer hardware, and embedded platforms such as microcontrollers and FPGAs. Most of my prior projects, however, have been in game development. I have participated in a few game jams, and last semester I worked on a Mars rover game called Curiosity with 4 other students as part of the software engineering course. In my daily life I mainly write little automation scripts for things like renaming or converting files. I also practice different programming concepts and data structures using the programming language Nim, a C-level language with python-like syntax.


While I consider myself fairly proficient with lower-level programming, especially when working directly with pointers and memory, I lack proficiency with higher-level languages such as Javascript, and while I have some understanding of the topic, I am not very familiar with HTML and CSS. I have written a few HTML pages in the past, but most of them were very barebones and lacking in any proper formatting. My goal for this course is to learn proper web development, and how to make pages that are not only functional but also visually appealing. I am very excited to learn about what can be done with CSS, and how to create a proper web app. I’ve had multiple people ask me in the past to make websites for them, and I didn’t know how to explain to them that I have no actual web development experience. I’m hoping that this course will change that.
